docs(code): add Approval modes page for classifier-backed Auto mode (#4993)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/code/cli-reference.mdx

## Human-in-the-loop and shell access

> Potentially destructive tool calls require approval by default. Choose a review policy with an [approval mode](/oss/deepagents/code/approval-modes): keep the default Manual checkpoint, enable the experimental classifier-backed Auto mode with `-y`/`--auto-approve`, or run gated actions without review with `--yolo`. Toggle between Manual and Auto during an interactive session with `Shift+Tab`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Potentially destructive tool calls require approval by default. There are three [approval modes](/oss/deepagents/code/approval-modes) to choose from: the default Manual mode requires confirmation at all checkpoints, Auto mode (`-y`/`--auto-approve`) leverages an LLM classifier, or Yolo (`--yolo`) runs gated actions without review. Toggle between Manual and Auto during an interactive session with `Shift+Tab`:
```

| `-q`, `--quiet`        | Clean output for piping—only the agent's response goes to stdout. Requires `-n` or piped stdin |
| `--no-stream`          | Buffer the full response and write to stdout at once instead of streaming. Requires `-n` or piped stdin |
| `--stdin`              | Read input from stdin explicitly instead of auto-detection. Errors clearly when stdin is unavailable or is a TTY |

> | `-y`, `--auto-approve` | Enable beta classifier-backed [Auto](/oss/deepagents/code/approval-modes) mode. Requires `DEEPAGENTS_CODE_EXPERIMENTAL=1` and an interactive local session. Toggle with `Shift+Tab` during an interactive session |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-y`, `--auto-approve` | Enable classifier-backed [Auto](/oss/deepagents/code/approval-modes) mode. Requires an interactive local session; toggle with `Shift+Tab` during an interactive session |
```
